Hi, Ric. Thanks again for getting the scholarship info on the Friends website set up. It’s really nice. Now let’s hope we get some applicants!

I set up our Signmeup registration page this afternoon. This year’s signmeup event number is 99606. I forwarded their tech page to you. Let me know if you need any other info in that regard.

I won’t open the registration page until the website has been revised. Hopefully this year will be as easy to revise as you say, though this list looks pretty long. I’m just so grateful to have your expertise.

2014 Changes (from the top):

Change the date of the event to Saturday, Octiober 4, 2014.

Remove the info in the box except for the lines about where the 2013 results can be found.

Remove the sentence about the newly configures half marathon course.

In the start time line, have the parenthesis read: Wave start by PACE, faster runners first.
Add a line below the "8:30 a.m. for……” with  NOTE: Course support (water stations and course marshals) will end at 11:45 a.m. Runners still on the course after this time will be notified, and should they choose to finish, will be monitored by a race official and their finish will be timed.

Replace the whole line of “Registration is closed…” and “Click here...” to read: Registration opening SOON!

Change the date for the online sign up deadline to ...midnight Sunday, September 28, 2014. In the same paragraph, switch the last two sentences and capitalize CHECK THIS WEBSITE. 

Change the last word, sciences, in the proceeds-go-to info to studies.

Insert after  "All runners receive…” the words: our signature “keychain” finisher medal.

Change the date of packet pickup to Friday, October 3, 2014.

Fix the year and date (2014) on the next three pages.

On the Sponsorship page, fix all the dates, delete the 2012 list of sponsors and replace it with our 2013 sponsors:
	American Eagle Bank, South Elgin/Chicago
	Mark Vend, Northbrook
	Conroy Sports Physical Therapy, McHenry
	
	May Appraisals and Associates, McHenry
	Aronson Fence Co., Wauconda
	Radicom, Johnsburg
	Dunkin Donuts, McHenry
	Martin & Johnson Tax and Financial Services, Inc., Crystal Lake

	Signs by Fry, Lakemoor
	Huemann Water Conditioning, Johnsburg
	Bjorkman’s Ace Hardware, McHenry
	Great Lakes Fire and Safety, McHenry
	Epic Cycle and Fitness, McHenry
	Drs. Peterson and Janotta, O. D., McHenry
	The Running Depot, Crystal Lake
	Clif Bar

Please include the spaces, as that delineates the levels of donation value.


That’s it for now…..
Bonnie
	